[Autogenerated] AWS offers shield standard or shield.
Advanced shield standard is automatically included with waft and defends
against the most common frequently occurring network and transport layer DDOS
attacks that target your website or applications.
Shield Advanced is available with a subscription and adds
additional protection response measures to attacks,
analytics and support,
including a 24 7 DDOS response team that can assist you during an event.
It also includes waft at no extra cost.
For additional information about shield advanced,
let's check out the shield page in the AWS console.
You can see the different features included with
shields standard and shield advanced.
With shield advanced,
you'll get some additional layer seven traffic monitoring
access to additional DDOS mitigation capacity.
For example, if you are protecting an elastic I P address,
shield Advanced can automatically deploy your network A C L's to
the border of the AWS network during an attack providing additional
capacity against larger DDOS events.
You'll have additional visibility and reporting on layer
34 attack notification and attack forensic reports as well
as some historical reports.
Access to the DDOS response team is a major component of the shield advanced,
including 24 7 support during high severity events,
custom mitigations and post attack analysis.
Finally,
Shield Advanced gives you additional cost protection against related
Route 53 Cloudfront and LB charges incurred during Adidas Event Shield
Standard is included with waft and shield.
Advanced is an additional $3000 a month plus data transfer fees. Shield advanced also includes a W s waft at no additional cost.